Define DCCs during its first use in Introduction to 3D (#5775)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/3d/introduction_to_3d.rst

Unlike 2D, where loading image content and drawing is straightforward,
3D is a little more difficult. The content needs to be created with

> special 3D tools (usually referred to as Digital Content Creation tools, or
> DCCs) and exported to an exchange file format in order to be imported in
> Godot (3D formats are not as standardized as images).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
special 3D tools (usually referred to as Digital Content Creation tools, or
DCCs) and exported to an exchange file format to be imported in
Godot. This is required since 3D formats are not as standardized as images.
```
